Trish, we have a
Glee club emergency.
Our tenor, Lenny, was
chased by a dog,
fell off his bike,
and broke his leg.
Oh, great!
That means we don't
have to rehearse today.
Man, dogs really are
man's best friend.
Have some sympathy.
Yeah, poor Lenny's probably
gonna be on crutches
for six weeks.
I mean sympathy for me.
Without a tenor, there's no way
we'll win next
week's competition.
We might end up in
Second place.
Second place still qualifies you
for regionals.
Oh, but second place
is not winning.
Second place means
you're a loser.
Hey, I come in second
place all the time.
Would you guys call me a loser?
Do you really want
me to answer that?
Probably not.
I have to fix this.
I'm the captain.
When there's a problem, the
whole club looks to me
to be calm, cool, and collected.
Maybe they should
look somewhere else.
I see what's going on.
She's afflicted with
a rare condition
called "a capella persperitis,"
better known as
"Glee fever!"
I kind of have a
touch of it myself,
but I'll never get cured
since I didn't get picked
to be in Glee club.
I'd give you my spot if I
didn't need the extra credits.
I tried wood shop,
but apparently it's "dangerous"
to fall asleep while
operating a buzz saw.
Focus.
We need to find a last minute
replacement for Lenny.
He needs to be a strong
singer who can learn fast.
Where are you gonna find that?
♪ She'll be coming around the
Mountain when she comes. ♪
Dez! Shh.
We're trying to think.
You also need someone
with charisma
and good dance moves.
Who do we know?
Gosh, what's wrong with us?
We already know the
perfect person.
Of course.
He's been right in front
of us the whole time.
Ally, it would be my honor.
Austin!
You should be in Glee club.
Why not?
Since you can't
find anyone else.
- Yeah.
- All right, cool.
Bye, Dez.
♪ When the crowd wants more ♪
♪ I bring on the thunder
♪ 'cause you've got my back
♪ and I'm not going under
♪ you're my point,
you're my guard ♪
♪ you're the perfect chord ♪
♪ and I see our names
together on every billboard ♪
♪ we're headed for the top,
we've got it on lock ♪
♪ we'll make 'em say "hey!" ♪
♪ and we'll keep rockin'
♪ oh, there's no way I
could make it without ya ♪
♪ do it without ya,
be here without ya ♪
♪ it's no fun when
you're doing it solo ♪
♪ with you it's like,
"whoa," yeah, and I know ♪
♪ I own this dream
♪ 'cause I got you with me
♪ there's no way I could
make it without ya ♪
♪ do it without ya,
be here without ya. ♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hustle up, b-sharps.
Say hi to your new teammate,
pop star Austin moon.
- Hey.
Hi. I'm Elle,
and single.
Uh, nice to meet you.
You're Austin moon.
I can't believe
you're talking to me.
Huh?!
Oh.
Okay.
Hi. I'm...
Just so you know, I'm not a fan.
I hate pop music, and popcorn,
and soda pop.
Anything with a pop in it.
Nice to meet you too?
That's b.B. She
hates everything.
Why is she in Glee club?
She hates not being
in Glee club.
Austin's really gonna
help our club.
He's 6'1",
170, has a five octave range,
and he bench presses 175 pounds.
Thanks, but what does that
have to do with Glee club?
He's also the wrestling coach.
He loves music and headlocks.
You're so strong.
And cute. Did I
mention I was single?
Back off, Elle.
Austin,
welcome to the team.
Happy to be here, coach.
I love performing
with my friends.
Hmm. With some of your friends.
Okay, I'm gonna
turn over rehearsal
to our captain.
What's our motto?
Be strong, be loud, b-sharp!
I didn't hear you, Miles.
Be strong, be loud, b-sharp.
We'll work on that.
Okay, everybody. Line
up for "heart beat."
Oh, Austin.
I'll show you your part.
Oh, I already know it.
Dez taught me all the
routines during lunch.
He's got most of it down,
but I still think
that a kick-step
would work better than a twirl.
Thanks, Dez, but I'm the captain
and you're not on the team.
You wouldn't want me sweeping
up the gym floor, would you?
Kind of.
♪ I can get your
heart beat beat ♪
♪ Beat beating like
♪ I can get your heart
beat beating like that ♪
♪ You know you got my heart
beat beat beat beating like ♪
♪ Oh-oh, oh oh oh
♪ oh-oh, oh-ohh.
Bravo, people.
Bravo.
That was perfect.
Great. Now we can go home.
No way. Rehearsal's
just starting.
Austin,
you sounded great. Just
more smiling next time.
Cool. And I was
thinking we could
make a few changes
to the routine
since it's a little
old-fashioned.
Old-fashioned?
I wouldn't call it that.
Maybe "traditional,"
but that's what judges look for.
Okay, bad choice of words.
What I meant was, we
should rock things up.
Make it a little edgier.
Oh, you want to add a little
shaky-shaky-boom-boom?
Yeah, that's not what I meant.
I hope not.
I never want to see that again.
It was just a thought.
Keep your mind open.
Trust me.
I know what I'm doing.
There's no way we'll
lose this competition.
I can't believe we
lost that competition.
But the important thing
is that we participated.
That's all I'm required
to do to get my credit.
Ally, can you initial this?
And it's cool that
you got a trophy
that'll prove to your mom that
five years of singing lessons
weren't a waste of money.
I'm keeping this.
Hey, at least we
qualified for regionals.
Next time, we just
need to do dance moves
people have heard of.
Who hasn't heard
of the Charleston
and the lindy hop?
- Me.
- Never in my life.
What if we did cooler dance moves
to a new song arrangement?
♪ I can get your heart beat
beat beat beating like ♪
♪ I can get your heart
beat beating like that. ♪
Whoo! My heart's
beating like that.
I vote we do it his way.
Okay.
There's no voting
because I'm the captain.
And that's not what
a capella is about,
right, sun hee?
She thinks I'm right.
Ally, I know how important
this is to you.
That's why I'm
making suggestions.
I want you to win.
Are you sure it's not
because you're a famous pop star
and think you know better than
the captain of the Glee club?
I didn't say that, but me on.
I do know a few things.
I've performed on a lot
more stages than you.
Guys, let's not fight.
We're losing focus
of the real issue.
I should be on the team.
Not gonna happen, Dez.
Look, Ally,
I don't want to upset you,
but I kind of agree with Austin.
I'm not upset.
Why would I be upset
that my two best friends
are stabbing me in the back?
Oh, phew.
I thought you were
gonna be upset.
If you and Mr. superstar
stage performer
know so much,
why don't you two start
your own Glee club?
Maybe we will.
Who's with us?
Me! I'm with you.
In sickness and in health. I do.
Okay.
Elle's joining my team.
And scaring me.
Who do you choose, Miles?
Austin.
- What?
- Austin.
Oh, just take him.
Oh, man. She picked you.
Yes.
What about you, b. B.?
I hate the way you run things,
I hate your Glee fever,
I even hate your hair.
So it looks like she's with me.
Oh, no. I'm staying with Ally.
I hate change even more.
Ha.
You guys sure you
want to break up?
You've been partners forever,
and you've been friends fover.
I don't want to work with them.
And I don't want
to work with her.
Me neither.
You do realize that
only one Glee club
can represent our
school at regionals?
Well, I guess we know
what that means.
Yep.
Let the a capella war begin.
Or should I say,
♪ let the a capella war begin. ♪
It should have gone,
♪ let the a capella
war begin begin ♪
♪ Begin!
I never thought my
two best friends
would abandon me.
I know.
Now you don't have enough
members to compete.
Where oh where will
you find a new tenor
on such short notice?
If only you knew
someone who could
Fine, Dez. You can do it.
Me?!
Wow, this is a surprise.
Okay, b-sharps, forget
those wannabes.
Time to rehearse.
You'd better rehearse
if you want to beat
"looking for treble."
It's a cool name, huh?
No. It's lame.
Okay, fine, it's cool.
But we're still gonna beat you.
I hope you didn't
eat too much lunch,
'cause you're about
to get served.
Oh yeah?
Well, tell the janitor he
can take some time off.
'Cause we're gonna mop
the floor with you.
Just stay on your
side of the gym.
All right, trebles,
let's warm up.
♪ I can feel your heart beat
beat beat beating like that. ♪
Look at those rookies.
They're like children.
Now let's do our warm-ups.
♪ Row row row your boat
♪ gently down the stream.
Mmm!
Ally, it's for you.
It's the 1800s.
They want their song back.
Well, I just got a
text from the future.
It says you lost the competition
'cause your whole team stinks.
Lol, frowny face!
There's no way we're gonna
lose the competition.
Austin knows what
it takes to win.
♪ Yeah, I live in the present ♪
♪ I'm all about today
♪ I sing about the past
♪ when folks had
something real to say ♪
Oh, snap! It's a
musical throwdown.
Oops. I mean,
♪ oh, snap
♪ it's a musical throwdown.
♪ Let me be me
♪ 'cause my way is cool ♪
♪ I'm not ashamed
♪ call me old school.
♪ Say what you want
♪ my style will rule
♪ keeping it fresh
♪ call me new school.
Old school.
New school.
What's going on here?
Hey, if you two want to fight,
there's a wrestling
mat in the corner.
I got 10 bucks on Ally.
Sorry, moon. She looks scrappy.
I can't work with her, coach.
And I can't work with him.
She's not nice. She
thinks she knows
Enough!
Austin and Ally,
you're both out of Glee club.
You can't do ts.
Glee club is my life.
Mine too.
You've been in Glee
club four days.
Trying to get Miles
to sing loudly
feels like a lifetime.
He's right.
Well, you both should
have thought of that
before you started
this whole mess.
Now get out of here.
You heard sun hee. Get out.
I'm sorry, guys.
But you know what we have to do.
It's tradition.
♪ Go, go, go away
♪ we'll miss you
when you're gone ♪
♪ Merrily, merrily,
merrily, merrily ♪
♪ Glee club must go on.
Stop, stop, stop!
What's wrong now?
Uh, everything.
We need to find new costumes,
tighten our harmonies,
get matching haircuts.
I hate that he's
the new captain.
I miss Austin.
This is the longest
we've ever been apart.
I hate Glee club now.
I have never heard
Miles so upset.
This is all your fault, Dez.
Who made you captain anyway?
Well, he who holds e thtch pipe
has the power.
Thank you, sun hee.
Why can't you all be
supportive like her?
Let's try this again.
Everyone watch me.
Kick-step, kick-step,
spin, make a face.
Flip your hair, hot
sand, hot sand,
and superhero!
All right, Trish. Now you try.
Yeah, that's not gonna happen.
Dez, I have an idea.
Ly, please,
I don't come over
there and tell you
how to sweep the floor.
But just so you know,
you missed a spot.
Just promise me the b-sharps
will win regionals.
I might not be in Glee club,
but it's still a
part of my life.
Aww. That's so sweet.
But we're not the
b-sharps anymore.
We're the Dez-tones.
Whatever your name is,
just win.
You're my only hope.
Five, six, seven, eight.
Kick-step, kick-step.
Okay.
There goes my hope.
Ally, we need you
back in Glee club.
I can't take Dez anymore.
, look who's come crawling back.
I'm sorry.
I just wanted to win.
But the only way
that's gonna happen
is if you and Austin make up.
Even if I wanted to come back,
what about coach Simmons?
He'll probably make us wrestle
to get back on the team.
I know I look tough,
but I don't want people
to find out that I'm not.
That'll be our little secret.
Leave the coach to me.
So will you come back?
I don't know if I can
catch Glee fever again.
Are you sure?
It's contagious.
That's not gonna work.
Ohh.
I don't know.
I think it's spreading.
Wait. I do feel something.
Uh-huh.
My fingers are
starting to tingle.
- Oh, yeah.
- My hands are getting jazzy.
- Oh, no.
- Trish, call the doctor.
Don't tell me you have
Glee fever.
♪ Never gonna fade
♪ we are timeless
♪ we are timeless.
That sounds good.
That's 'cause we
wrote it together.
Yeah. Everything's better
when we work together.
I know.
I'm sorry I split up the club.
But when you were captain
How can I put this nicely?
You were an annoying
control freak.
That's nicely?
Sorry. But it's true.
Sorry again.
What's so controlling
about wanting everything my way
and not listening to
anyone else's ideas?
Okay.
When I say it out loud,
it does sound pretty bad.
Look, it wasn't all your fault.
I should have known I was
stepping on your toes.
But I was just trying to help.
I know.
You know why I'm so
crazy about Glee club?
It's the one thing where
I get to do everything.
The music, the choreography,
it's all mine.
I get it.
That's what I get to
do with my concerts.
Only I'm not an
annoying control freak.
That's not what your band says.
So what do you say
we get back together
and go win regionals?
We'll do it your way.
No.
We'll do it our way.
But I thought Glee club
had to be all yours.
Forget that. I want to win.
Yeah, me too. Let's do this.
Coach, regionals
are this weekend.
We need new costumes,
wireless mics,
way more body glitter.
Son, if I gave you any
more body glitter,
you'd look like a disco ball.
Ah, that reminds me.
We need a disco ball.
Coach, I wanted to talk to you
about letting Austin and Ally
back into Glee club. I promise
They're in.
Just keep this
fool away from me.
You got it, coach.
Ah, I'm glad the
team's back together.
With Austin and Ally's
talent and my leadership,
we're gonna win regionals.
Ally's captain again.
Uh, but I have the pitch pipe.
And now you don't.
♪ There's no way I could
make it without ya ♪
♪ Do it without ya,
be here without ya ♪
♪ It's no no fun when
you're doing it solo ♪
♪ With you it's like "whoa"
♪ yeah, and I know
♪ I own this dream
♪ 'cause I got you with me
♪ can you, can you feel, can
you, can you, can you feel ♪
- ♪ Can you feel it
♪ turn it up, up, up
- ♪ yeah - ♪ Can you feel it
- ♪ yeah - ♪ Turn it up, up, up
- ♪ can you feel it
- ♪ Can you feel it
- ♪ turn it up, up, up - ♪
Feel it, feel it, it feel
♪ can you feel it,
feel it, feel it ♪
♪ Feel it, whoa-oh-oh, oh-ohh ♪
♪ That's what I'm gonna get
♪ whoa-oh-oh, oh-ohh
♪ that's what I'm gonna get
♪ yeah, 'cause I know
that I'll make it ♪
♪ Overload the Internet
♪ a billion hits
is what I'll get ♪
♪ Step right up on the stage ♪
♪ Free yourself from the cage ♪
♪ Pick a card and
guess it, girl ♪
♪ Here's a lesson, girl
♪ it's just an illusion
♪ I've got that rock and roll ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah
♪ I'll make you lose control ♪
♪ come on and dance to my flow ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah
♪ 'cause I got what I got ♪
♪ Don't you know
♪ I got that rock and roll ♪
♪ Oh-oh, oh-oh
♪ oh-oh-oh-oh
♪ na na na na na
♪ heard it on the radio
♪ na na na
♪ play it back, play
it back one time ♪
♪ Oh oh oh
♪ I'm finally me
♪ I got everything I need
♪ what you get is what you see ♪
♪ I-I
♪ I'm finally me
♪ and I never felt so free ♪
- ♪ Yeah - ♪ There's no one else
♪ I'm trying to be
♪ I'm finally me
♪ hey-hey, hey-hey, Whoo ♪
♪ I love the things you do
♪ it's how you do the
things you love ♪
♪ But it's not a love song
- ♪ hey-hey, hey-hey -
♪ It's not a love song
♪ oh-oh-ohh
♪ call me criminal
♪ I won't deny you
make me want it all ♪
♪ Everything you are
♪ so lock it up
♪ go on and try it
♪ no matter what you do, I'm
gonna steal your heart ♪
♪ Don't look down down
♪ down down
♪ Down down down
♪ 'cause
♪ there's no way I could
make it without ya ♪
♪ Do it without ya,
be here without ya ♪
♪ It's no fun when
you're doing it solo ♪
♪ With you it's like "whoa"
♪ yeah, and I know
- ♪ hey hey hey - ♪ Ohh
- ♪ hey hey - ♪ Be
here without you
♪ be here without you
♪ out you, out you ♪
♪ Yeah!
You got your trophy.
You did it.
We did it.
This belongs to all of us.
You should keep it.
It means the most to you.
Yeah, we don't care
about the trophy.
Just getting to be on the
team was its own reward.
Tell you what
I'll keep this on the counter
so we can all enjoy it.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org